docs/src/index.md, before:

---
home: true
# title: Web Programming Practical
tagline: Web Programming
editlink: true
navbar: true
# sidebar: false
---

**This site hosts the practical lab work for ITS30605: Web Programming, offered by the School of Pre-University Studies at Taylor's College.**

## Aim

The aim of these practical lab exercises is to guide students in mastering the fundamentals behind web development to develop visually appealing websites or applications.

## Schedule (subject to change)

|             Week              | Lecture                                      | Practical Lab                                                            |
| :---------------------------: | -------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
|  **1** <br> 18 Apr - 22 Apr   | Introduction to Web Programming              | [Practical Preparation](lab00.md)                                        |
|  **2** <br> 25 Apr - 29 Apr   | HTML Part 1                                  | [Practical 1](lab01.md)                                                  |
|   **3** <br> 2 May - 6 May    | **Independent Learning Week**<br>HTML Part 2 | [Practical 2](lab02.md)                                                  |
|   **4** <br> 9 May - 13 May   | HTML Part 3                                  | [Practical 3](lab03.md)                                                  |
|  **5** <br> 16 May - 20 May   | JavaScript Part 1                            | [Practical 4](lab04.md)                                                  |
|  **6** <br> 23 May - 27 May   | JavaScript Part 2                            | [Practical 5](lab05.md)                                                  |
|  **7** <br> 30 May - 3 June   | JavaScript Part 3                            | [Practical 6](lab06.md)                                                  |
|  **8** <br> 6 June - 10 June  | Introduction to PHP and LAMP<br>PHP Part 1   | _Practical Test 1_<br>[Practical 7](lab07.md)<br>[Practical 8](lab08.md) |
| **9** <br> 13 June - 17 June  | PHP Part 2                                   | [Practical 9](lab09.md)                                                  |
| **10** <br> 20 June - 24 June | Databases Part 1                             | _Practical Test 2_<br>[Practical 10](lab10.md)                           |
| **11** <br> 27 June - 1 July  | Databases Part 2                             | [Code-Along Series (Part 1)](lab11.md)                                   |
|  **12** <br> 4 July - 8 July  | [Code-Along Series (Part 2)](lab12.md)       | [Code-Along Series (Part 3)](lab13.md)                                   |
| **13** <br> 11 July - 15 July |                                              | _Practical Test 3_                                                       |
| **14** <br> 18 July - 22 July | Wrap-up Lecture                              |                                                                          |

::: warning NOTE
The practical work is arranged such that it complements the respective weeks' lectures.
It is encouraged that you ensure that you're familiar with the lecture content before attempting the practical work.
:::

## Assignment 3 Groupings

<!-- Unavailable at the moment, please check back later! -->

- [Assignment 3 Groupings](asgn3_202108.md)

---

<div style="padding: 3rem 0 1rem; text-align: center;">
	@2022 Henry Heng
</div>

Commit message:

Updated some April 2022 practical lab exercises

docs/src/index.md, after:

---
home: true
# title: Web Programming Practical
tagline: Web Programming
# editlink: true
navbar: true
# sidebar: false
footer: "@2022 Henry Heng"
---

**This site hosts the practical lab work for ITS30605: Web Programming, offered by the School of Pre-University Studies at Taylor's College.**

## Aim

The aim of these practical lab exercises is to guide students in mastering the fundamentals behind web development to develop visually appealing websites or applications.

## Schedule (April 2022 Semester)

The schedule is subject to change.

|             Week              | Lecture                                      | Practical Lab                                                            |
| :---------------------------: | -------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
|  **1** <br> 18 Apr - 22 Apr   | Introduction to Web Programming              | [Practical Preparation](lab00.md)                                        |
|  **2** <br> 25 Apr - 29 Apr   | HTML Part 1                                  | [Practical 1](lab01.md)                                                  |
|   **3** <br> 2 May - 6 May    | **Independent Learning Week**<br>HTML Part 2 | [Practical 2](lab02.md)                                                  |
|   **4** <br> 9 May - 13 May   | HTML Part 3                                  | [Practical 3](lab03.md)                                                  |
|  **5** <br> 16 May - 20 May   | JavaScript Part 1                            | [Practical 4](lab04.md)                                                  |
|  **6** <br> 23 May - 27 May   | JavaScript Part 2                            | [Practical 5](lab05.md)                                                  |
|  **7** <br> 30 May - 3 June   | JavaScript Part 3                            | [Practical 6](lab06.md)                                                  |
|  **8** <br> 6 June - 10 June  | Introduction to PHP and LAMP<br>PHP Part 1   | _Practical Test 1_<br>[Practical 7](lab07.md)<br>[Practical 8](lab08.md) |
| **9** <br> 13 June - 17 June  | PHP Part 2                                   | [Practical 9](lab09.md)                                                  |
| **10** <br> 20 June - 24 June | Databases Part 1                             | _Practical Test 2_<br>[Practical 10](lab10.md)                           |
| **11** <br> 27 June - 1 July  | Databases Part 2                             | [Code-Along Series (Part 1)](lab11.md)                                   |
|  **12** <br> 4 July - 8 July  | [Code-Along Series (Part 2)](lab12.md)       | [Code-Along Series (Part 3)](lab13.md)                                   |
| **13** <br> 11 July - 15 July |                                              | _Practical Test 3_                                                       |
| **14** <br> 18 July - 22 July | Wrap-up Lecture                              |                                                                          |

::: warning NOTE
The practical work is arranged such that it complements the respective weeks' lectures.
It is encouraged that you ensure that you're familiar with the lecture content before attempting the practical work.
:::

## Assignment 3 Groupings

<!-- Unavailable at the moment, please check back later! -->

- [Assignment 3 Groupings](asgn3_202108.md)
